Toronto has millions of people living in
the city generating billions of dollars
which are ultimately squandered today
we'll look at a city filled with
debt-ridden overworked people who have
no idea what's about to hit them the
city spends enormous amounts of money on
foolishness and every single project
extends Way Beyond its schedule and
budget quite frankly there's not much to
show for it you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at Toronto's wasted
Millions I'm going to show you a few
images I'm going to show you some
articles and for those who aren't from
Toronto you will learn a few things
about this city let's look at this first
the IMF now I'm certainly not in favor
of the actions of the IMF but they do
have reports that they put out every so
often and I tend to agree with the
charges and claims that they make in
this case here the IMF is warning about
the risks to the Canadian economy due to
a possible correction in the housing
market and urged governments to do more
to protect against them let's be very
clear at this time there is a real
estate bubble like no other that is
going on in places including Toronto and
Vancouver you can see that the prices
have gone far beyond the reach of people
and they have to extend their means
beyond the traditional lenders going to
the bank for example they have to seek
alternative lenders so you're now able
to get a mortgage believe it or not at
1.5% down
$115,000 on a million property that's
how crazy things have become it is no
different than what had happened during
the subprime crisis in the US
so essentially the IMF makes these
claims there is too much household
indebtedness something that I have been
warning about literally for years and
the numbers kept climbing and kept
climbing and now we're at a level today
that is an alltime record high but of
course that is manageable that's what
they say it's
manageable as long as real estate prices
continue to rise as long as interest
rates remain historically low there is
no cause for concern well I would
disagree with that so let's cover a few
issues that really really get on my
nerves about
Toronto beginning with this this is very
recent
information no that's not a computer
generated image no this isn't a cartoon
that you're watching what the duck cost
of a giant rubber duck that's coming to
Brockville is under fire for those who
don't know Brockville is approximately
in between Toronto and Montreal just to
give you an idea of where it is and they
decided to celebrate Canada's 150th
birthday by creating spending hundreds
of thousands of dollars to create a
rubber
duck this is the kind of waste
and the
silliness that we
see what squandering of taxpayer money
if I ever do say so myself but of course
it's just hundreds of thousands of
dollars and they do stupider
things let's look at this for those in
Toronto several years ago
now if you remember these well then
I want to know your thoughts on this I
mean I I can't even believe that this
actually happened these moose were put
statues were put all over the
city and it's supposed to be you know
it's done by artists and everything and
they decorated them and I get the point
they actually suggested that while this
project costs I'm sure doesn't say here
but millions of
dollars putting these moose around the
city actually generated tourism that's
what they're suggesting that people want
to come from all over the world to see
decorated Mo statues maybe you do I for
one living in the city don't want to see
that and I would rather see that money
being put into the infrastructure the
highways that are literally falling
apart if you know what I'm talking
about or you know most statues either
one let's move on here this is going on
not just in Toronto not just Ontario you
see that going on in the
states Kathleen win actually let me just
show you if you don't know who Kathleen
win is the premere of Ontario I could
show you a comparison uh photo here uh
over Redenbacher it's actually the same
uh person if you look at Kathleen win
and the government of Ontario what they
had decided to do was to actually give a
32% hike in the minimum wage to that key
number of
$15 an hour so you've seen that in the
states as well they're pushing for it
$15 an hour that's what we need and this
here has been done in Ontario as well a
32% hike where do they think this money
is going to come from the businesses
can't cope with that there's no way and
so by increasing the minimum wage you
singlehandedly just put countless people
out of
work now think about that for a second
if you're a small business and you were
paying somebody
$11.40 the previous minimum
wage and now the government says you
have to pay them $115 an hour well as
soon as 2019 hits and that takes effect
guess what you have to lay out off a
bunch of people now how
silly is
that well of course what a wi though
this is the type of thing that they just
don't think for a second except if
you're thinking about one thing and that
is getting
reelected this is the type of
plan that tends to get governments
reelected they're saying hey they're
trying to help the people this is what
the general population would see they're
trying to help the people look they're
giving us more money so therefore we
should vote them in again and that's
sort of the ploy here that's the attempt
they put it a few years off before the
next elections or after the next
elections and in this case here they'll
try to use that as a tactic look what we
did for you we are implementing this
we're giving you more money it's free
money take
it and then we look at the
this a little I can't help but I can't
help but see the similarities here okay
Toronto's 10 most profitable fire
hydrants in 2015 this isn't a
joke the city of Toronto makes so much
money you have no idea I bet that there
is no other City out there that makes
more money
on T parking
tickets per
capita for this
population than Toronto it is
unbelievable think about this you have a
few people few million people excuse me
located in
Toronto if you're just counting Toronto
your your number is under 3 million in
population
yet they actually bring in a hundred
million per year just in parking
tickets that's how extreme it is and
what is that do well that generates a
lot of money for the government where
does that money go look at the
infrastructure in Toronto it is way
behind so many major cities the subway
looks like a joke compared to places
like Manhattan for
example or even cities in Europe you see
the highways falling apart I mean I want
to see this city do well I live in the
city I want to see the infrastructure
expanding but I don't want to see the
money being squandered you're making 100
million on parking tickets and then that
money just gets blown away I don't know
where exactly I could see a few
places but this is the type of thing and
I'm sure whatever City you are from the
same type of deal occurs it's just an
example that hits home for
me what about this land transfer
tax the biggest scam in real
estate that in Toronto you get a double
whammy look at this you pay a municipal
land transfer tax and a provincial land
transfer tax so if you want to sell your
home you have to pay depending on the
price of the home an extremely
high tax look at this think about it
average home in fact is is right here in
this range so you're paying 2% each tax
on that value so if it's a million doll
home just think of your closing costs
how high they are so not only you have
to factor in your lawyer fees your real
estate agent fees all the fees incurred
throughout the process then you have to
add on this tax that does nothing at all
for the government except lines their
pockets this is literally just theft
what did they have anything to do with
you transacting between another
individual transferring
homes this is just this is a crime and
you get twice you get the knife in your
back twice in Toronto that's the type of
thing that I see that just it just makes
me so upset to see it okay now this
right here was an unfortunate it's a
tragic accident that
occurred uh not too long ago in fact it
was in March and it was a chemical spill
that occurred because of this uh truck
that uh was part of a I think it was
like a 30 car pile
up hasmat incident ongoing avoid the
area okay there was a contamination they
were saying it's a very dangerous
situation chemical spill don't come here
what was that what was well it was
hydrofluosilicic
acid now what is that well that's a
chemical that they put into the water
supply in Toronto that we pay millions
of dollars a year here I actually found
the bid for 2017 by the way I don't
think I showed it here on this uh on
this video I've showed it before
previous
bids that's what they call
fluoride and they put it into the water
supply now if you want to argue about
the dangers of fluoride that's
absolutely fine not for this topic of
this video
but that's a topic that is hotly
contested and more and more cities are
pulling fluoride out of the water in
Toronto though they don't even use
fluoride this is a fact they use
something called hydrofluosilicic
acid that chemical spilled on the 401
that's a major
highway and they're saying don't come to
the area it's very dangerous but they
put it in the water
supply while I'm at while I'm at it
chlorine they add it to the water
supply and they do so in order to to
clean it to get rid of all the uh toxins
that are in there they put a little bit
of chlorine but in
Toronto they add chloramines so your
normal filters actually will not filter
out the
chlorine that's the type of thing that
they do here in Toronto it's absurd it's
terrible and just to put the icing on
the cake this is the G20 in
Toronto a few years ago I was not in the
kettling here but I was in this
area during the
G20 seeing exactly what had
happened and you will
see criminal activity occurring surely
by some individuals who were
being very
dangerous their behavior was out of line
smashing cars breaking Windows
everything else there's there's no doubt
about that but the police engaged in
criminal activity there was kidnapping
that took place by unmarked Vehicles
unmarked individuals
perhaps they were police officers we
don't know they were both unmarked and
then they did this kettling and you
could see what they did essentially
blocking everybody in the innocent and
the guilty and everybody basically being
guilty at this point kettled them all in
and one by one brought them to the
detention
centers they let them stand out in the
rain which uh took place
after after this image and this is the
type of thing that they were um engaging
in stomping on individuals after singing
the O Canada they literally and I've
shown the images before literally
literally trampled on people's
skulls with horses after finishing the O
Canada just to send the message
well this is what we have to deal with I
want to just make a very clear
point I want Toronto to do well I live
in the city I will speak up against any
Injustice I see however and these right
here are very good examples of how the
money is squandered and how it could be
used better in order to improve the
economy reduce the debt reduce any
deficits that we have and ultimately
make things better for everyone if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS and my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative so you can
actually flip through these books if you
want to just go over to Amazon they have
a look inside feature it's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
these books to see if you like them and
if you're interested in my audio book I
have an audio version of global economic
collapse for those who are too busy to
read you can check that out at my
website the money gps.com